TCS Project Overview - Python Development Project
-------------------------------------------------
1) Retriving the data from Oracle, other sources and manipulating the data
   and insert into SQL ServerDB its like PSCU(Payment System of Credit ) Account

2) Technologies:
    Python, Oracle, SQL Server

    Source Systems:
    ---------------
    Major of source system is Oracle
    Retrive data from active directory
    Retrive data from Big Packet Jira

    Some other source system--
    may be active directory and Big Packet need to work analysis and have to connect with systems

3) Few Points to Brush Up:
    1. How to connect Python to active directory    |  This are major source systems
    2. How to connect to Jira and Big Packet        |  oracle is major source.
    3. How to Connecting Python to Java API         |  majority of processors using oracle as
       (Explore the connectivity of APIs)           |  source system.
     (JIRA and Big Packet need to connect with API) |  Few systems using active directory as source
     (Through Python connect with API)              |  systems where need to retrive the data from active
     (This are source systems connect & get data)   |  directory.
                                                    |  Few systems using Jira, connect to Jira and get data.
                                                    |  Few systems using Big Packet, to connect and get data.
                                                    |  To connect Jira and Big Packet by using API's(that way)
                                                    |  using API's
                                                    |
    4. Destination always be SQL Server (INSERT, UPDATE) into SQL Server
    5. Arround 18 processors where need to automate. Right now customer manually INSERTING to SQL SERVER.
       Through tools SPARX Enterprise tool(connect to DB )
    6. How to connect SPARX Enterprise tool from Python
    7. Manual work to Automate everything.
    8. Database Related Scripts and Shell scripts (.sh file)
        (check the performance of server and CPU memory. To pull/get server details )
    9. Python Script to connect with different DB system (MySQL server, Oracle server)
        (different packages to connect database system).
    10. Data Engineer part like Read data from Excel
    11. Once come to project will share the BRD to see 18 Processors and what are source systems &
        how the mapping gone happen in BRD itself
        Need to understand the FLOW.
       
    
